
kimi_mtr.js:

Focus on the kimi_mtr directory, specifically kimi_mtr.html, kimi_mtr.js, and animation-generator.js in this task.
This is an animation generator that generates time-lapse animations showing subway trains moving on a map. Each train is marked by a label and moves around.

It takes in a javascript array called "lines". In the array, each object is a "line" with a specific color, name, and marker type. There are "branches" in each "line" with a specific spawn frequency and a list of stations that represent branches of the line. Each station contains a latitude and longtitude, travel time, dwell time, and an optional list of checkpoints. The travel time is the time, in seconds, needed for the train to travel to the next station on the list. The dwell time is the time, in seconds, that the train stops at the station. The list of checkpoints contains checkpoints that the train passes when going to the next station. Each checkpoint has a latitude and longtitude, and a "progress" value between 0 and 1 representing the amount of progress the train makes when it goes pass the checkpoint. For instance, if the "progress" is 0.7, then the train passes through the checkpoint when it is 70% of the way to the next station.

The simulation runs with one frame marking one second in the simulation. In the beginning, trains in each branch of each line spawn at one end of the line at a frequency specified in the "branch" object. They move from one end of a line and move towards the other end following the travel and dwell times in the stations. When they reach the end, they turn back. Once a train goes to the end and comes back, the spawning on the train line stops. Note that for branches of branch_type "circular", trains do not turn around. Instead, when the reach the end, they go to the first stop next.

The simulation is generated in the "generation" process where everything is simulated. The data is stored in an array containing the train data in every frame. Every frame contains the coordinates of each train and a "line id", representing the line that the train belongs to. Once the generation is complete, the animation gets played frame by frame on the map, with the framerate being adjustable. 

Rules:
Only do the things specified in the prompt. Do not change parts of the code that I did not tell you to change.

Task:

Currently, the generateAnimation function in animation-generator.js in this program generates an array containing the positions of every single train in every second. This is very inefficient as the trains the same branch follow the same trajectory and repeat it many times if the duration of the animation is long. Hence, instead of generating an array storing the position of every train at every second, let the generateAnimation function generate a trajectory of one train for every branch of every line. The trajectory should mark the position over time of a train that goes to one end of the line and comes back. It should mark the position every second, and should only last the amount of time needed for a train to traverse the line once (this can be calculated by adding up the run and dwell times in the line). Thus, the "duration" of the animation being generated is now irrelevant.

With this new generation method, the animation playing stage in kimi_mtr.js should be modified too. Train spawning should be stopped, and trains should be initialized at different "time progress" values spaced apart by the spawn frequency of the branch. For instance, if a branch has a spawn frequency of 100 seconds and a journey takes 500 seconds, in the beginning, there should be trains at 0, 100, 200, 300, and 400 seconds respectively. The coordinates of these trains can be obtained from the train trajectory array. For instance, if a train has a "time progress" of 253 seconds, the train's coordinates should be at the 253th position in the trajectory array. In every frame, the "time progress" of each train should increase by 1. If the "time progress" exceeds the time taken to traverse the line, the remainder of the "time progress" divided by the time taken to traverse the line should be used. For example, if a train has a "time progress" of 600 seconds and the journey time of the line is 500 seconds, the train's coordinates should be at the 600 % 500 = 100th position of the trajectory array.

Make sure to check to see if there are any errors/bugs when you are finished.


editor_version1.html:
Focus on editor_version1.html. However, edit editor_version1.css if necessary.
This is a json editor that edits a that stores information about a subway network. The network consists of lines, which consist of branches, which consist of stations. All information can be edited. In addition, the positions (latitude, longtitudes) of stations can be edited by clicking on a map.

Rules:
Only do the things specified in the prompt. Do not change parts of the code that I did not tell you to change.

Task:
Add a button to each station and each checkpoint in the lists of stations and lists of checkpoints. When I click on one of these buttons, the editor should highlight the station/checkpoint on the map. I should clearly recognize where the station/checkpoint is on the map compared to the other stations/checkpoints. However, don't change the zoom of the map when this button gets clicked.

